# Adidas Sales Analysis:-

## Bussiness Requirement:-

Adidas mains to empower empower the decision makers with data-driven insights growth and Competitiveness in the dynamic sports and atheletic industry.
enhanced understanding of Sales dynamic and performance divers
identification of geographical area, with high and low sales potential.
Insight into product proformance alding in decision inventory and marketing decision
informed pricing margin Strategies for Improved profitability
Actionable recommend atton foracros aptimizing sales alem and end proust across vavoly

problem statement

KPI (key point indicator)

• total sales Analysis

understand the overall sales performance of adidas overtime.

•2 profitibality Analysis
   evaluate the total profit generated by adidas across diff. dimension

3. Sales volume Analysis
   examine the total unit sold to gain insight into product demand
4. pricing Stategies
   Determine the average price per unit to assess the pricing stategy
5. Margin Analysis
   Evaluate the average margin to Understand the overall proftability of sales.

Chart Requirements

• total sales month (Area chart) by month
  visualize the monthly distribution of total Sales to identify peak period.

• total sales by state (filled maps)

• total sales by Region (Donatchart) using a donat chart to represent the Contribution of different
 
. total sales by product (Bandart) Aralyse the sales distribution among yowals adidas product using a bar chart.
 
. total sales by Retailer (Ban chart) visualize the Contribution of different retailers to total sales using a bar chart. 
